SEDITION

Sedition is a 1-player game based on testing the user's memory and response skills. Essentially, it all boils down
to navigating a maze within a time limit. Players, (hopefully) can't travel through walls, and will have some amount
of time before they need to reach some checkpoint.

The mazes will (at first) only be comprised of walls. A player trying to run through a wall will come to a halt.


The UI:

The player can control two aspects of their runner: direction and speed. It is also possible for speed to go in the
opposite direction to the way that the player is facing. The controls are a left key, a right key, and a plus key, and
a minus key. (Better, smoother controls may be possible later). A player can turn while they are running, but not as quickly
as if they were stopped. These controls are located at the bottom of the screen. The game is only played in portrait mode.

Experience:

When a game of Sedition is started, the player is given a top-view of the maze they are about to enter. In earlier levels,
they may also be given their starting location. After a period of time, this view will dissolve and the camera will pull away.
Once the view is no longer visible and fog has covered the entire screen, it's time for the user to navigate the maze.
The game will not start until they hit the Play button (if I can get that to work). Once they hit play, they will be
transported to a ground-view and will be shown a timer (located next to the controls). It's time to start running.


Game Story:

It's just another one of those days. Your expectations are low. The birds are crooning in a way that wouldn't exactly
compete in local karaoke competitions, the construction sounds resound unabated, and the impending doom brought about by
the drudgery of another work day begins to overtake you. If only you could escape. Without warning, you are transported to
another world into a life and death contest features mazes of escalating difficulties for some reason (though the
time travel and killer robot driving instructor are strangely absent). And what is it about these mazes? They all seem
to be oddly familiar, as if you have seen them before, but from a different angle. If only you could remember ...
because just quietly, that T minus x countdown in the background isn't exactly thrilling or filling you with confidence.
It's time to start running, kid. The rest of the world is at stake, or at the very least, your 1337 gaming cred. They
are interchangeable after all.

Controls:

Sedition is entirely operated by touch. This is intentional and means that any glitches in responsiveness can be blamed
on your individual device and not on Sedition, which is of course faultless. Press on the left and right arrow keys to
turn your player, and press the + and - keys to speed up and slow down. Caution, if implemented (which it probably won't be),
your player can get tired from running all the time. Particularly if you just keep sending him in circles. Some soundbites
would be good for that.